hello ladies and gentlemen welcome to
the dev server today they've released
through new planes on the dev server and
this is one of them this is the lagg-3
type 34 as ornaments has won 37
millimeter NS 37 cannon and twelve point
seven millimeter resin you be machine
gun right now I wasn't able to get into
a realistic game on the dev server so
I'm simply flying it at flying it out in
a test flight in realistic mode to see
how it handles now with other planes
that have been released on the dev
server before keep in mind that this
could change this is not does not have
to be the final flight model and this is
more of a look at what the airplane
looks like and how it destroys things
there's very nice skin starring the side
with text I am not completely sure what
the text says but sure one of you most
likely knows there's a better look at it
right there now they might have messed
up on the other side I'm not sure or
maybe it's supposed to be like that but
a red text overlaps the red star becomes
White's a little diplomacy and for the
rest it looks like of course the other
like three like Three's that we have
this is a premium plane and on the dev
server currently costs 800 Golden Eagles
to buy and with the Canon that's up
front it's probably worth it to have a
premium plane in T or two that you can
use to rip things apart because as usual
with a 37 millimeter cannons if you
touch anything it completely destroys it
so bombers enemy players ground targets
should be fun to play I'm coming in on
the vehicle and
I'm only going to shoot my cannon at it
some reason as i did that i had a frame
rate drop that usually doesn't happen
hopefully that's just something with the
dev server that'll be fixed before it
goes live we'll see the rest plane seems
to handle nicely with its current flight
model of course that can be changed once
it's introduced into the real game but i
believe i'll definitely be buying this
of course then again i am someone who
likes to have every single claim that i
can get my hands on but i'm excited for
the release of this and yeah you should
be too i'm going to now test out their
cannons the machine gun just to see how
fast they fly very fast also very easy
to most likely make your guns jam if
your cruise level is high enough
as that reloads I'm going to climb up
and see what speed the red line is for
this plain red line meeting that the
speed indicator which is top left IAS
which is indicated airspeed it will turn
red levy you know that you're nearing
the maximum speed of your plane if you
continue after that usually it's about
50 kilometers faster your wings will rip
off because the airframe of your plane
cannot handle the speed at which shed
you're slicing through the air alright
i'm just going to climb up to one and a
half thousand and go into a shallow dive
and try to build up speed
as we near
one and a half kilometers point the nose
slightly down
and build up most speed we can before we
get to the ground nearing 450 kilometers
per hour
there's 500
600 doesn't look like we're going to be
red lining his pass
ok so I'll climb back up there to two
and a half thousand dive down from there
all right here we are two and a half
thousand meters would be the same thing
to shallow dive I do notice right now
that I haven't said my graphic settings
for the dev server so I do have some
vertical clipping if I move up and down
that should be fixed the next video it's
a simple setting ok 500 kilometers by 50
there's the redline 650 shaking shaking
area 700 kilometers an hour the wings
rip exceeded the maximum speed of 680
alright welcome back we're at just above
two kilometers in altitude and this is
going to be the final part the preview
of this plane idea of this is I'm going
to dive down cool up sharply and see if
we can get it to rip and if it does
really see what what the highest
g-forces that it can cool not judging
from the other libraries I believe
compression sets in before you can
actually rip so we're going to see that
now
ok I see 11 Gees couldn't pull any more
than that and we're heading back up I
believe it's safe to say you shouldn't
really have to worry too much about
ripping means it was plain you'd worry
more about smacking into the ground
because you can't pull up in time so I
try it one more time this time instead
of pooling up with negative G's
can't do you even do that stops you all
right thank you for watching